cabinet officers like White House staff
are the president's direct
representatives for carrying out the
policies of the administration the
president and only the president must be
personally responsible for their actions
labor secretary Herman is the latest for
apparently requiring a businessman to
make a fat contribution to a charity she
preferred in order to get meetings with
labor officials Commerce Secretary Ron
Brown died in a swirl of mystery and
controversy on april third 1996 just
days after an Independent Counsel probe
obtained wide-ranging subpoenas looking
at Browns involvement in the illegal
clinton-gore fundraising from the
Indonesian lippo group and the Chinese
government in addition sworn testimony
has shown that slots on Commerce
Department trade missions around the
world were sold for fifty thousand to
one hundred thousand dollar donations to
the DNC that's bribery and then there
are the charges against interior
secretary Bruce Babbitt Clinton's then
chief of staff Harold Ickes actually
instructed Babbitt to deny a gambling
casino license to a Chippewa tribe in
Wisconsin in return for some 300,000
dollars in contributions to the DNC from
tribes with competing casinos secretary
Babbitt has denied under oath that the
contributions played any part in his
July 1995 decision however a longtime
Babbitt supporter and former law school
classmate Paul Eckstein has testified
under oath that Babbitt told him that
his decision was made because of direct
pressure from the White House
subsequently Babbitt has changed his
story several times and consequently a
special prosecutor has been appointed to
look into the affair both the Commerce
and interior situations involve the
possible selling of government decisions
which are supposed to be made fairly and
in
partially for cash money I'll say it
again that's bribery it doesn't matter
whether those who demand the cash put it
into their own pockets or the Democratic
National Committee still desperately
needing investigation is the five
million dollars mr. Clinton and the
Democratic National Committee took from
various parts of the Chinese government
in short if President Clinton is held to
the same standards as President Nixon
was he has already earned more articles
of impeachment and more specific charges
the Nixon faced on the day he resigned
august nine 1974 and there are still
more charges to come
you